<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## clientBundle

The entry point for the client-side bundle.

### Parameters

-   `props` **[object][1]** 
    -   `props.App` **[function][2]** The app the render
    -   `props.render` **[function][2]** Method used to render the app client-side
    -   `props.stateKey` **[string][3]** The DOM key to get the state from the server. (optional, default `__STATE__`)
    -   `props.getState` **[function][2]?** Method used to get the state to use for the client.
    -   `props.getHistory` **[function][2]?** Used to get the history object to use for the store.
    -   `props.getStore` **[function][2]** Method used to get the store object to use with the client.

### Examples

```javascript
export default clientBundle({
 App,
 getStore: createStore,
 render: (PreparedApp, store, history) => {
   const mountPoint = document.getElementById("app")
   hydrate(<PreparedApp />, mountPoint)
 },
})
```

Returns **[object][1]** store
Returns the store object used to render the app client-side.

## state

Get the initial state from the server.

## history

Create a history object for the router/store

## PreparedApp

Prepare our app to use certain props automatically

### Parameters

-   `props`  

## handleRender

When the DOM is loaded, render our client, then remove the event listener.

## store

Return our store that we created.

## serverBundle

The entry point for the server-side bundle.

### Parameters

-   `props` **[object][1]** 
    -   `props.App` **[function][2]** The app to render server-side.
    -   `props.urlKey` **[string][3]** String to use to find the requested url in the request body. (optional, default `url`)
    -   `props.getUrl` **[function][2]?** Method to use to get the requested url for the render.
    -   `props.getHistory` **[function][2]?** Method to get the history object to use.
    -   `props.stateKey` **[string][3]** String to use to find the initial state in the DOM. (optional, default `initialState`)
    -   `props.getState` **[function][2]?** Method to get the initial state.
    -   `props.getStore` **[function][2]** Method to get the store to use for the render.
    -   `props.onBeforeRender` **[function][2]?** Invoked before rendering a response
    -   `props.render` **[function][2]** The method to generate the server-side rendered app content.

### Examples

```javascript
export default serverBundle({
 App,
 getStore: createStore,
 beforeRender: (request, response, handleRender) => {
   // Do some things here before rendering...
   handleRender()
 },
 render: (PreparedApp, store, history, url) => {
   const html = renderToString(<PreparedApp />)
   const state = store.getState()
   return {
     html,
     state,
   }
 },
})
```

Returns **[object][1]** 

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
